proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static  
dev-hugepages.mount                        static  
dev-mqueue.mount                           static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static  
acpid.path                                 enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static  
systemd-networkd-resolvconf-update.path    static  
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled 
acpid.service                              disabled
apport-forward@.service                    static  
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static  
apt-daily.service                          static  
atd.service                                enabled 
autovt@.service                            enabled 
bootlogd.service                           masked  
bootlogs.service                           masked  
bootmisc.service                           masked  
checkfs.service                            masked  
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked  
checkroot.service                          masked  
console-getty.service                      disabled
console-setup.service                      static  
console-shell.service                      disabled
container-getty@.service                   static  
cron.service                               enabled 
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked  
cryptdisks.service                         masked  
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service      disabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      disabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static  
dbus.service                               static  
debug-shell.service                        disabled
dm-event.service                           disabled
emergency.service                          static  
friendly-recovery.service                  static  
fuse.service                               masked  
getty-static.service                       static  
getty@.service                             enabled 
halt.service                               masked  
hostname.service                           masked  
hwclock.service                            masked  
ifup@.service                              static  
initrd-cleanup.service                     static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static  
initrd-switch-root.service                 static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static  
iscsi.service                              enabled 
iscsid.service                             enabled 
keyboard-setup.service                     disabled
killprocs.service                          masked  
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static  
kmod.service                               static  
lvm2-lvmetad.service                       disabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                      disabled
lvm2-monitor.service                       enabled 
lvm2-pvscan@.service                       static  
lvm2.service                               masked  
lxcfs.service                              enabled 
lxd-bridge.service                         static  
lxd-containers.service                     enabled 
lxd.service                                indirect
mdadm-shutdown.service                     disabled
module-init-tools.service                  static  
motd-news.service                          static  
motd.service                               masked  
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked  
mountall.service                           masked  
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked  
mountkernfs.service                        masked  
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked  
mountnfs.service                           masked  
networking.service                         enabled 
open-iscsi.service                         enabled 
open-vm-tools.service                      enabled 
plymouth-halt.service                      static  
plymouth-kexec.service                     static  
plymouth-log.service                       static  
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static  
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static  
plymouth-quit.service                      static  
plymouth-read-write.service                static  
plymouth-reboot.service                    static  
plymouth-start.service                     static  
plymouth-switch-root.service               static  
plymouth.service                           static  
polkitd.service                            static  
procps.service                             static  
quotaon.service                            static  
rc-local.service                           static  
rc.local.service                           static  
rc.service                                 masked  
rcS.service                                masked  
reboot.service                             masked  
rescue.service                             static  
resolvconf.service                         enabled 
rmnologin.service                          masked  
rsync.service                              disabled
rsyslog.service                            enabled 
screen-cleanup.service                     masked  
sendsigs.service                           masked  
serial-getty@.service                      disabled
setvtrgb.service                           static  
sigpwr-container-shutdown.service          static  
single.service                             masked  
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled 
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled 
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled 
snapd.failure.service                      static  
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled 
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled 
snapd.service                              enabled 
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static  
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled 
ssh.service                                enabled 
ssh@.service                               static  
sshd.service                               enabled 
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked  
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked  
syslog.service                             enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static  
systemd-backlight@.service                 static  
systemd-binfmt.service                     static  
systemd-bootchart.service                  disabled
systemd-bus-proxyd.service                 static  
systemd-exit.service                       static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                  static  
systemd-fsck@.service                      static  
systemd-fsckd.service                      static  
systemd-halt.service                       static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static  
systemd-hibernate.service                  static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static  
systemd-initctl.service                    static  
systemd-journal-flush.service              static  
systemd-journald.service                   static  
systemd-kexec.service                      static  
systemd-localed.service                    static  
systemd-logind.service                     static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static  
systemd-modules-load.service               static  
systemd-networkd-resolvconf-update.service static  
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled
systemd-poweroff.service                   static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static  
systemd-random-seed.service                static  
systemd-reboot.service                     static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static  
systemd-resolved.service                   disabled
systemd-rfkill.service                     static  
systemd-suspend.service                    static  
systemd-sysctl.service                     static  
systemd-timedated.service                  static  
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled 
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static  
systemd-udevd.service                      static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                static  
systemd-user-sessions.service              static  
udev.service                               static  
ufw.service                                enabled 
umountfs.service                           masked  
umountnfs.service                          masked  
umountroot.service                         masked  
unattended-upgrades.service                enabled 
urandom.service                            static  
ureadahead-stop.service                    static  
ureadahead.service                         enabled 
user@.service                              static  
uuidd.service                              indirect
vgauth.service                             enabled 
x11-common.service                         masked  
-.slice                                    static  
machine.slice                              static  
system.slice                               static  
user.slice                                 static  
acpid.socket                               enabled 
apport-forward.socket                      enabled 
dbus.socket                                static  
dm-event.socket                            enabled 
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                        enabled 
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                       enabled 
lxd.socket                                 enabled 
snapd.socket                               enabled 
ssh.socket                                 disabled
syslog.socket                              static  
systemd-bus-proxyd.socket                  static  
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static  
systemd-initctl.socket                     static  
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static  
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static  
systemd-journald.socket                    static  
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static  
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static  
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static  
uuidd.socket                               enabled 
basic.target                               static  
bluetooth.target                           static  
busnames.target                            static  
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static  
cryptsetup.target                          static  
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled
default.target                             static  
emergency.target                           static  
exit.target                                disabled
final.target                               static  
friendly-recovery.target                   static  
getty.target                               static  
graphical.target                           static  
halt.target                                disabled
hibernate.target                           static  
hybrid-sleep.target                        static  
initrd-fs.target                           static  
initrd-root-fs.target                      static  
initrd-switch-root.target                  static  
initrd.target                              static  
kexec.target                               disabled
local-fs-pre.target                        static  
local-fs.target                            static  
mail-transport-agent.target                static  
multi-user.target                          static  
network-online.target                      static  
network-pre.target                         static  
network.target                             static  
nss-lookup.target                          static  
nss-user-lookup.target                     static  
paths.target                               static  
poweroff.target                            disabled
printer.target                             static  
reboot.target                              disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                       static  
remote-fs.target                           enabled 
rescue.target                              disabled
rpcbind.target                             static  
runlevel0.target                           disabled
runlevel1.target                           disabled
runlevel2.target                           static  
runlevel3.target                           static  
runlevel4.target                           static  
runlevel5.target                           static  
runlevel6.target                           disabled
shutdown.target                            static  
sigpwr.target                              static  
sleep.target                               static  
slices.target                              static  
smartcard.target                           static  
sockets.target                             static  
sound.target                               static  
suspend.target                             static  
swap.target                                static  
sysinit.target                             static  
system-update.target                       static  
time-sync.target                           static  
timers.target                              static  
umount.target                              static  
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled 
apt-daily.timer                            enabled 
motd-news.timer                            enabled 
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled 
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static  
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static  
