[console_scripts]
kolibri = kolibri.utils.cli:main

[kolibri.plugins]
kolibri.plugins.app = kolibri.plugins.app
kolibri.plugins.bloompub_viewer = kolibri.plugins.bloompub_viewer
kolibri.plugins.coach = kolibri.plugins.coach
kolibri.plugins.context_translation = kolibri.plugins.context_translation
kolibri.plugins.default_theme = kolibri.plugins.default_theme
kolibri.plugins.demo_server = kolibri.plugins.demo_server
kolibri.plugins.device = kolibri.plugins.device
kolibri.plugins.epub_viewer = kolibri.plugins.epub_viewer
kolibri.plugins.facility = kolibri.plugins.facility
kolibri.plugins.html5_viewer = kolibri.plugins.html5_viewer
kolibri.plugins.learn = kolibri.plugins.learn
kolibri.plugins.media_player = kolibri.plugins.media_player
kolibri.plugins.pdf_viewer = kolibri.plugins.pdf_viewer
kolibri.plugins.perseus_viewer = kolibri.plugins.perseus_viewer
kolibri.plugins.policies = kolibri.plugins.policies
kolibri.plugins.pwa = kolibri.plugins.pwa
kolibri.plugins.qti_viewer = kolibri.plugins.qti_viewer
kolibri.plugins.safe_html5_viewer = kolibri.plugins.safe_html5_viewer
kolibri.plugins.setup_wizard = kolibri.plugins.setup_wizard
kolibri.plugins.slideshow_viewer = kolibri.plugins.slideshow_viewer
kolibri.plugins.user_auth = kolibri.plugins.user_auth
kolibri.plugins.user_profile = kolibri.plugins.user_profile

